Org name changed, correcting broken links (#59)
neuroinformatics-unit/software-skills: docs/source/courses/collaborative-coding.md

Students should bring their own laptop with Python installed. If you require any assistance, please contact
<a href="mailto:adam.tyson@ucl.ac.uk?subject=SWC/GCNU Software Skills">Adam Tyson</a> in advance of the course.

> They should also follow [these setup instructions](https://github.com/rse-best-practices-course/rse-best-practices-playground/issues/1) in advance of the course.

Reviewer: The problem now (maybe to be tackled separately), is that we might want to include the date in the exercise repo, a this now points to an archived one?

```suggestion
They should also follow [these setup instructions](https://github.com/rse-best-practices-course/rse-best-practices-playground-2024/issues/1) in advance of the course.
```

Reviewer: Or we entirely delete the archived repo from last year (but the student's might use it as a reference, and their forks will continue to exist?)

Author: Actually, this made me think that we do not want them to follow those setup instructions anymore, so actually this reference is outdated now 😱 shall we delete it directly?

Reviewer: Yea, I think so. We should mention that they need Git and Github setup too? We can link them to https://neuroinformatics.dev/slides-SWC-PhD-intro/#/section

Author: ```suggestion
They should also follow [these setup instructions](https://neuroinformatics.dev/slides-SWC-PhD-intro/#/section) in advance of the course.
```

Author: If this is OK to you I commit my latest suggestion and merge

Reviewer: great! Yes, this is OK with me!
